Multi-agent Algorithm Documentation Updates (#9722)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib-algorithms.rst

`MARWIL`_           tf + torch **Yes** `+parametric`_  **Yes**            **Yes**     `+RNN`_
`PG`_               tf + torch **Yes** `+parametric`_  **Yes**            **Yes**     `+RNN`_, `+autoreg`_
`PPO`_, `APPO`_     tf + torch **Yes** `+parametric`_  **Yes**            **Yes**     `+RNN`_, `+autoreg`_
`QMIX`_             torch      **Yes** `+parametric`_  No                 **Yes**     `+RNN`_
`SAC`_              tf + torch **Yes**                 **Yes**            **Yes**
------------------- ---------- ----------------------- ------------------ ----------- ---------------------
`AlphaZero`_        torch      **Yes** `+parametric`_  No                 No
`LinUCB`_, `LinTS`_ torch      **Yes** `+parametric`_  No                 **Yes**

> `MADDPG`_           tf         **Yes**                 Partial            **Yes**

Reviewer: Can you revert this? We link specifically to this table and it would be weird to have it missing algorithms.

Author: I can, but mixing multi-agent only algorithms into the same table as the others seems super confusing to me. That's why I moved it.

   :language: python
   :start-after: __sphinx_doc_begin__
   :end-before: __sphinx_doc_end__

.. _alphazero:

Single-Player Alpha Zero (contrib/AlphaZero)
--------------------------------------------
|pytorch|
`[paper] <https://arxiv.org/abs/1712.01815>`__ `[implementation] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/contrib/alpha_zero>`__ AlphaZero is an RL agent originally designed for two-player games. This version adapts it to handle single player games. The code can be sscaled to any number of workers. It also implements the ranked rewards `(R2) <https://arxiv.org/abs/1807.01672>`__ strategy to enable self-play even in the one-player setting. The code is mainly purposed to be used for combinatorial optimization.

Tuned examples: `CartPole-v0 <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/contrib/alpha_zero/examples/train_cartpole.py>`__

**AlphaZero-specific configs** (see also `common configs <rllib-training.html#common-parameters>`__):

.. literalinclude:: ../../rllib/contrib/alpha_zero/core/alpha_zero_trainer.py
   :language: python
   :start-after: __sphinx_doc_begin__

Parameter Sharing
-----------------

> Parameter Sharing `[paper] <http://ala2017.it.nuigalway.ie/papers/ALA2017_Gupta.pdf>` and `[paper] <https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.13625>` `[implementation] <github.com/parametersharingmadrl/parametersharingmadrl>` in multi-agent RL is a class of methods that take a base single agent method, and use it to learn a single policy for all agents. As naive as this seems, this is shown to achieve state of the art performance in cooperative games, and parameter sharing good DRL methods is usually how you should start trying to learn a multi-agent problem. An example implementation of this in RLlib is included in the second paper. Additionally, while this seems like can only work for environments with homogeneous agents, this is not the case. The second paper introduces how to do this for every case of heterogeneity, and simple wrappers that apply the methods to [PettingZoo](https://github.com/PettingZoo-Team/PettingZoo) API environments are available in the [SuperSuit](https://github.com/PettingZoo-Team/SuperSuit) package.

Reviewer: This doesn't explain how to do it in RLLib (with the single policy assigned multiple agents), can you add an example?

Reviewer: You can also link to the examples in https://docs.ray.io/en/master/rllib-env.html#multi-agent-and-hierarchical

Fully Independent Learning
--------------------------

> Fully Independent Learning `[implementation] <github.com/parametersharingmadrl/parametersharingmadrl>` is when you have a collection of agents learning independently of each other via single agent methods. This typically works, but is inferior to dedicated multi-agent RL methods. 

Reviewer: Can you explain how to implement this in RLlib?

Author: Again, covered in implementation link

Tuned examples: `PettingZoo <https://github.com/PettingZoo-Team/PettingZoo>`__, `waterworld <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/multi_agent_parameter_sharing.py>`__, `rock-paper-scissors <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/rock_paper_scissors_multiagent.py>`__, `multi-agent cartpole <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/multi_agent_cartpole.py>`__

Fully Independent Learning
--------------------------
`[instructions] <rllib-env.html#multi-agent-and-hierarchical>`__ Fully independent learning involves a collection of agents learning independently of each other via single agent methods. This typically works, but can be less effective than dedicated multi-agent RL methods, since they do not account for the non-stationarity of the multi-agent environment.

Tuned examples: `waterworld <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/multi_agent_independent_learning.py>`__, `multiagent-cartpole <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/multi_agent_cartpole.py>`__

Centralized Critic Methods
--------------------------

> `[instructions] <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/rllib-env.html#implementing-a-centralized-critic>`__Centralized critic methods are when all agents use a single parameter shared critic network (in some cases with access to more of the observation space than agents can see). Note that many specialized multi-agent algorithms such as MADDPG are essentially centralized critic forms of their single-agent algorithm (DDPG in the case of MADDPG).

Reviewer: Note that I don't think this is the typical definition of centralized critic, you can in fact have non-shared networks and that still counts as "centralized". It's the fact that the critic can compensate for the nonstationarity of the env that matters.

Author: I went and looked, and the literature uses "centralized critic" to mean three different related things, one of which is this (though it's not the most common usage).

My inclination is to rename this "shared critic" or to remove it entirely; let me know which you'd prefer. Other centralized critic flavors aren't things that we can cover in an example like this.

Fully Independent Learning
--------------------------
Fully Independent Learning  `[implementation] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/multi_agent_independent_learning.py>`__ is when you have a collection of agents learning independently of each other via single agent methods. This typically works, but is inferior to dedicated multi-agent RL methods.

Centralized Critic Methods
--------------------------

> `[Implementation] <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/rllib-env.html#implementing-a-centralized-critic>`__ `[example] <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/centralized_critic.py>`__ is when you apply parameter share the parameters solely of the critic networks in actor critic methods, allowing for a far greater deal of flexibility than naive parameter sharing by giving each agent a sperate policy network for acting, though with theoretically reduced performance. Note that a centralized critic method based on DDPG is essentially MADDPG, and doing this will be more general and performant than the specialty MADDPG implementation that was uniquely tailored to work on the MPE environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`[instructions] <https://docs.ray.io/en/master/rllib-env.html#implementing-a-centralized-critic>`__Centralized critic methods allow a centralized critic access to the full observation space of the environment at training time, but agents only see their own observations at rollout time. RLlib allows you to customize algorithms easily to incorporate such a technique. Note that many specialized multi-agent algorithms such as MADDPG are essentially centralized critic forms of their single-agent algorithm.

Tuned examples:  `TwoStepGame <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/centralized_critic_2.py>`__ 
```
